Most people use AI every single day, but
they still have no idea how they can
actually make money with it, which is
why in this video, I'm going to be
breaking down the top six AI offers that
businesses are actually paying for. And
these are the exact same ones that my
clients are actively using to be able to
close deals anywhere from 1K to 15K. And
in case you don't know who I am, my name
is Michele, and I scaled my own AI
agency to six figures working with over
50 businesses to implement AI solutions
and teaching over 20,000 people in the
process. All starting with zero business
or technical knowledge. With that being
said, let's dive in. Now, before I get
into any of these six offers, I need to
give you one framework. Because even
without this framework, you can take any
of these six offers, and you will still
be able to struggle with them. Cuz when
you're building an offer as an AI agency
owner, it needs to do one of two things.
It either has to make the business
money, or it has to save the business
money. That's the filter, and that's the
only questions that matter. Because if a
business can't look at what you're
offering and immediately understand how
it pays for itself, then you're going to
have a very hard time to be able to
close that deal every single time. And
this is where most people in the AI
agency space go wrong. They go out and
say, "I do AI automation services, or I
build custom AI solutions." And the
business owner just stares at them
because that's a feature and not an
outcome. That's not something that a
business owner can attach a number to.
Cuz what we want, and what every single
offer that I'm about to go through has,
is a clear tangible ROI. The business
owner needs to look at it and say,
"Okay, I'm going to be spending X on
this, and I'm going to be getting Y
back." That makes sense. Now, the second
thing, and this is just as important, is
specificity. Cuz being everything to
everyone means you're being nothing to
no one. And so, you have to solve one
specific problem for one specific type
of business in one specific way. Cuz the
more specific you are about what problem
you solve, who you help, and how you
help them, the easier it is for you to
sell, the easier it is for you to
deliver, and honestly, the much more you
can charge. Okay, now that we have the
foundations, let's go to the six offers.
Quick note before we keep going, I'm
hosting a live workshop on the 12th of
April for 9:00 to 5:00 working
professionals who want to be able to get
their first AI agency client within 30
days and start their agency. So, if you
want a clear road map as to how you can
do that step-by-step, apply to my free
private community in the second link
down below. That's where I'll be hosting
it. Now, let's get back to the video.
All right, offer number one is the AI
inbound receptionist. Now, I'm starting
with this one for a reason, and that's
because out of everything on this list,
this is probably the easiest to sell,
the easiest to explain, and the one
where the ROI is the most immediate for
the business owner itself. Okay, so
think about any local service business.
A restaurant, a med spa, a roofing
company, a dental clinic, they'll have
one thing in common. They rely on the
phone. People call to book appointments,
ask questions, or get quotes. And most
of these businesses already have someone
on the phone, whether that's a
receptionist, a front desk person, or
even the business owner themselves. But
the problem is that the person answering
the phone only works 9:00 to 5:00, or in
sometimes, 10:00 to 6:00. But what
happens when a customer calls the
business outside of working hours?
Right? The phone rings, nobody answers,
the person hangs up, and a person calls
another business. That's a missing lead,
that's a missed client, and that's
missed potential revenue. And it's
happening every single day. And most
business owners, they still have no idea
how much it's actually costing them. Cuz
one missed call for a roofing company
could be a $3,000 job. For a med spa, it
can be a $5,000 job. And for a dental
clinic, it could be a $1,500 procedure.
The numbers add up very, very fast. Now,
essentially, what you're going to be
building them is a voice agent that can
answer calls 24/7. It can book
appointments directly into their
calendar. It can answer any questions
about the business. It can transfer
calls when needed. It can filter spam
calls. And the best part about all of
this is that it works 24/7 during
working hours, during off hours, during
holidays, and it never takes a sick day.
So, the business owner and their team
can actually focus on doing the work,
not answering the phone. Now, who do you
target? Well, there's three different
niches that work really well for this
offer. The first one is med spas, beauty
salons, hair salons, nail salons, home
service businesses like HVAC,
landscaping, roofers, and then we have
dental clinics. The reason why those
three are great niches is because they
take a lot of inquiries over the phone.
So, they have a high volume of inbound
calls coming at them every single day.
And one of the best ways to actually
reach out to these companies and get
those clients is through cold calling.
Now, I've made a full video on cold
calling with this exact offer. You can
check it out up here. It's a very good
strategy. Check it out if you're
interested. Now, what tools do you need
and how much is it going to cost you?
Well, we use AnyTen for the backend
automations, and we use Retail AI for
the voice agent, and Twilio for the
phone number. The cost is almost nothing
because if you self-host your own AnyTen
account, that would be five bucks a
month, and you will make the client pay
for all the subscriptions of Retail and
Twilio. So, your fulfilling cost is
essentially zero. And the way to think
about pricing here is what is one missed
call worth for the business. So, for
example, a med spa where the average
treatment is about $400, missing five
calls a week is $2,000 a week of
potential revenue. And that's $8,000 a
month. And so, you would charge 20 to
25% of that, which is roughly $1,600 to
$2,000 for the setup fee, which pays for
itself in less than a month. And so,
like I mentioned, the pricing consists
of setup fees and a monthly retainer.
You'd have a 2K to 15K setup fee
depending on the value and the
complexity of the actual system, and you
would have the monthly retainer, which
is 20% of the implementation fee, which
is anywhere from 400 to 3K per month to
maintain, monitor, and optimize the
voice agent over time. Now, one more
important thing here is that if the
pricing model is based on the value that
you provide for the client, then
ideally, we want to work with clients
who have a higher ticket where each
client is worth a lot of money for them.
Because that means that we can charge
more because we provide more value for
the business, which is why med spas,
HVAC, and dental clinics are really
good. And this is how Joseph and Vanessa
were able to land their first automation
client with their agencies using this
exact offer. And the reason is very
simple. It's because the ROI is obvious,
the problem is real, and the solution is
something you can build and deliver
within a matter of weeks. Now, offer two
is lead reactivation. And this is one of
my personal favorites because of how
easy it is to sell. Because you're not
asking the business to spend more money,
you're helping them make money by using
something that they already have. Now,
almost every business that runs ads or
does any kind of marketing has a list, a
CRM full of leads. People who opted in,
people who came in for a consultation,
maybe filled out a form, showed interest
at some point, and then just
disappeared. Maybe the timing wasn't
right, maybe they got busy, or they
simply were just not interested. And
here's the thing, cuz most times,
businesses already paid to acquire that
lead, right? The money is already spent,
but the leads are just sitting doing
nothing. They're in a random spreadsheet
that collects dust over time. Well,
that's the problem, and that's your
opportunity. Because what you do is you
build a lead reactivation system, which
is an AI that goes through the list one
by one, reaches out to each person,
maybe with a promotion, maybe just to
check in, and tries to re-engage them,
book them back in, and get them back to
the pipeline. And the reason this is
such an easy sell is because you're not
asking the business to spend more money
to acquire new leads. You're saying,
"Hey, you already have the list of
leads. Let's go get the money from the
leads that you already paid for." Now,
who do we target? Well, this is any kind
of business that has a CRM with old
leads. This can be home service
businesses, it can be med spas, it can
be real estate, it can be agencies, or
it can be a high-ticket service
business. Cuz if that business has been
running ads for more than six months,
well, they have a list, I promise you.
Now, what tools do you need? Well,
pretty much the same as before. We have
AnyTen for the automation backbone. Then
we have Retail if you want to do the
phone-based outreach, or you can run it
through SMS and email depending on what
the business prefers and what their list
looks like. Now, how much can you
realistically charge? Well, setup fees
are anywhere between 3K to 15K depending
on the amount of people on the list, but
also the complexity of the system. And
one thing I really like about this offer
is that you can have a performance-based
element on top of it, which means that
you can charge based on per booked
appointment. And so, you can have the
setup fee plus the performance-based
model. Now, bear in mind that doing both
at the same time is hard for new
beginners getting into this offer, which
is why I recommend just sticking to the
performance-based model, which means
that you go to the business owner, you
make it risk-free, which means that you
say, "Hey, I'm going to be running
through the list, and you only pay me
per booked appointment." So, there's no
risk on their end, and you get all the
upside if they obviously book it. Now,
very, very important here, we do per
booked appointment because we can't
guarantee that the business will close,
and that's not in our control. Offer
number three is speed-to-lead systems.
And this has to be one of the cleanest,
most undeniable ROIs of anything in this
list because it is backed by data that
you can literally show a business when
you're pitching them. Now, there's a
study, and you can show this in front of
your client when you're pitching them,
that if you follow up with a lead within
5 minutes of them reaching out, they are
100 times more likely to convert
compared to following up an hour later.
Now, think about what most businesses
actually do. Someone fills out a form on
their website, or someone clicks on the
ad and opts in, submits their details,
and then what happens? Maybe the
business gets an email notification,
maybe they see it, maybe they don't,
maybe they're on a job, maybe they're in
a meeting, and they follow up maybe 3
hours later, 6 hours later, or even the
next day. And by that point, the lead
has already spoken to maybe two or three
competitors, and the deal is literally
gone. And that's why a lot of business
owners are wondering why their ads
aren't working. This is not an ad
problem, it's a follow-up problem, a
speed-to-lead. So, the offer is as
follows. You build a speed-to-lead
system where the moment someone fills
out a form, clicks on an ad, or opts in
anywhere, your AI voice agent calls them
back within 5 minutes automatically with
no human intervention. It introduces
itself, it qualifies the lead, answers
basic questions, and books them directly
to your calendar. The business owner
does not have to do anything, the lead
gets followed up with instantly, and the
conversion rate goes up dramatically.
Now, who do you target? Well, any
business running paid ads. That can be
agencies, dental clinics, real estate
companies, med spas, or home service
businesses. Cuz if they're spending
money on ads and not following up with
them instantly, they're leaving money on
the table, and you can prove it to them
mathematically before they even become a
client. Now, the tools that you need to
be able to make this happen is Retool AI
for voice agents and intent for the
automations that trigger the call the
moment a lead comes in and whatever CRM
they're using for the integration.
Whether that be GoHighLevel, HubSpot, or
even just a simple spreadsheet setup.
Now, how much can you charge? Well, the
setup fees go anywhere from 3K to 10K
and the monthly retainer is at about 20%
of that. And this is how one of my
one-to-one clients was able to close his
first deal, which is a 4.5K deal across
90 days of building a speed-to-lead
system. Offer number four is content
dashboard. Now, this one's a little
different from the first three because
instead of solving a direct revenue
problem, it solves a time inconsistency
problem. But the ROI is nonetheless
very, very real. Now, why is this a good
offer? Well, here's what's happening
inside almost every business right now.
They know they need to create content.
They know they should be posting on
LinkedIn, Instagram, and maybe even
writing blog posts. They understand that
content builds trust, generates leads,
keeps them top of mind for their
audience, but they never actually do it
consistently because maybe they're busy
running the business or when they do sit
down and try to create content, it takes
forever. They're jumping between tools,
their prompts are all over the place,
and the quality is inconsistent, and
half the time they just give up and
don't post anything. If this sounds
familiar, well, I see this in almost
every business that I speak to who wants
to grow an online presence. Now, what is
the offer? Well, you will build a
content dashboard. And the best way that
I can describe it is a fully automated
content machine. Usually built inside
maybe airtable or Google Sheets. Now, on
the screen right here, you'll be able to
see one of the content dashboards that
I've personally built for one of my
clients where the business owner puts an
idea, a topic, tone of voice, and a
style, and the system automatically
generates a LinkedIn post, maybe
Instagram caption, a Facebook post, and
a blog article. It also generates an
image, and depending on how you build
it, it can automatically schedule and
post everything directly to the
platforms. Everything is stored in one
place, and the brand voice is
consistent, and the prompts are dialed
in. And instead of spending 3 hours a
week trying to figure out what to post,
they spend 5 minutes. Now, who do you
target? Well, we want to target
marketing agencies, but any kind of B2B
business that has an online presence,
and they know they should be posting,
but they aren't cuz this is honestly one
of the most universally applicable
offers on the list. But one important
thing when it comes to niche is that you
ideally do not want to be working with
healthcare companies because healthcare
companies like medical practices or even
pharmacies, they have rules as to what
they can say and what they cannot say,
and that creates a whole level of
complexity whenever you have to prompt
the AI to make the content. So, ideally
steer away from those niches. Now, what
tools do you need? Well, ideally we use
n8n or Make the Com for the automation,
OpenAI or Claude for the content
generation, maybe Google Sheets as a
dashboard interface or airtable, and
whatever scheduling tool they use,
Buffer, Hootsuite, or direct API
connection to the platform services.
Now, how much can you charge? This one
typically sits in the $1,000 to $5,000
range for the setup. It's a slightly
lower ticket than the actual voice agent
offer, but it's also faster to build,
it's easier to deliver, and it's one of
the offers that you can productize the
most, which means that you can turn
these dashboards into products that you
can resell to companies over and over
again, and it will take you a lot less
time to build it every single time for a
new business.
And this is how one of our clients,
Anthony, was able to close his first
$1,000 deal for a content generation and
posting automation. Offer number five is
hiring systems. And this one here is
specifically for businesses that are
growing because the problem it solves
only really becomes painful at a certain
scale. And so, why is this a good offer?
Well, when a business starts to hire
consistently, not just one or two
people, but regularly bringing on two
new team members, the process becomes a
nightmare. Applications coming in
everywhere, someone has to screen the
applicants, someone has to send back the
emails back and forth, someone has to
schedule interviews and do all these
tedious tasks across the whole process
to then be able to hire the applicant.
And if they have to do this for hundreds
of different applicants every single
month, they're spending a lot of time on
tedious tasks when they could be
devoting it to actually evaluating these
applicants, building out the culture,
and doing the things that actually
require the human part. So, the offer is
simple. You build an automated hiring
system where the applicants come in, the
system automatically screens them based
on the criteria you set with the client.
It sends emails, it schedules
interviews, it tracks every candidate in
a dashboard, usually inside ClickUp or
Notion, and it keeps the whole team
updated on where things stand without
anyone having to manually choose
anything. Now, inside of our agency,
we've built this exact system for a
medical practice, so this doesn't have
to be directly applicable for agencies.
So, who do you target? Well, staffing
and recruiting businesses are great,
larger marketing agencies, any business
with a HR function that's hiring
frequently. The key signal is simple. If
they have a HR manager, they probably
have this problem. So, what tools do you
need? Well, we need a workflow
automation tool like Make the Com or
n8n. We need ClickUp or Notion for the
candidate tracking dashboard and
whatever ATS or job board they're using.
Indeed, LinkedIn Jobs, whatever it is
for the integrations. Now, how much can
you charge? Typically $2,000 to $5,000
for the setup. It is not the highest
ticket offer on the list, but it's a
very sticky one because once it's
embedded into the hiring process,
they're not going to rip it out, and
that makes it a great foundation for a
long-term retainer partnership that you
can use when you're maintaining and
improving the system over time. And
offer number six is AI UGC creatives for
e-commerce companies. Now, this one here
is specifically for e-commerce
companies, and honestly, when I first
started seeing how this works for
clients, I was generally surprised on
how well it landed. So, why is this a
good offer? Well, e-commerce brands need
ad creatives. Ad creatives are basically
the actual videos or images that they
use when they're running ads for their
products. And I mean, they need a lot of
them. We're talking 20, 30, 40 ad
creatives every single month because
they're consistently testing new angles,
new hooks, new formats to find what
converts better on TikTok, Meta, or
Facebook. And the reason it solves such
a big pain point is because right now,
e-commerce companies traditionally go to
UGC creators themselves. They pay them
anywhere from $200 to $1,000 per video,
and they have to wait one to two weeks
for the content to come back, review,
request revisions, and wait again. And
this is slow, it's very expensive, but
it's also very inconsistent. So, what is
this offer? You're going to be building
a AI UGC system using tools like n8n and
Sora to be able to produce realistic,
high-quality UGC-style videos creatives
in minutes for a fraction of a cost at
scale. And I've actually made a full
video on building this step by step. You
can check it out up here. And so, the
businesses gives you the product, the
angle, and the brief, and you deliver
10, 20, 30 creatives that they can start
testing immediately. There's no waiting
for creators, no back and forth, and no
$800 per video. And as you saw on the
screen just now with the example, the
quality right now is insane. It's come
to a point where it's hard to
differentiate who is a real UGC creator
and who is a fake and AI-made UGC
creator cuz the tech is moving
incredibly fast. And the brands that
figure this out early have a serious
competitive advantage over others that
are still paying UGC creators for every
single creative. Now, who do you target?
Well, like I mentioned, e-commerce
companies running paid ads on Meta or
TikTok. If they're spending money on
ads, they need creatives. It's that
simple. And if they're currently paying
UGC creators, the math of switching to
your system is immediately obvious. Now,
what tools do you need? Well, Sora for
the video generation, n8n for automating
the workflow and making the whole
process scalable, and whatever product
management tool the client uses for
reviewing and approving the content
before it goes live. Now, how much can
you charge? Well, you can structure this
in a few different ways. You can do a
monthly retainer for a set number of
creatives, typically 1.5K to 4K per
month depending on the volume, or you
can charge per creative, which can be
$100 to $300 per creative. Either way,
the math works out favorably for the
client itself compared to how they used
to run things, which is pay creators
directly. so those are the six offers.
Let's bring it all together. Number one
is AI inbound receptionists for
businesses missing calls after hours, 2K
to 15K setup, 20% monthly retainer.
Number two is lead reactivation for
businesses sitting on cold leads they've
already paid for, 3K to 15K plus
performance fees. Number three is
speed-to-lead systems for businesses
running ads but not following up fast
enough, 3K to 10K setup, 20% retainer.
Number four is content dashboards for
businesses that need consistent content
but don't have the time or system, 1.5K
to 5K. Number five, which is hiring
systems for growing businesses drowning
in manual recruiting admin, 2K to 5K.
And number six, AI UGC creatives for
e-commerce brands that need ad creatives
at scale without paying UGC creators
prices, 1.5K to 4K per month. And so, I
hope now you understand the six offers
that you can actually start using right
away to sell to businesses. And if
you're a 9-to-5 working professional and
you want to work with me one-to-one to
be able to help you start and scale your
own AI agency by taking these offers and
turning them into a real business, then
I left the first thing down below. You
can watch the video. If it sounds like a
good good fit, then feel free to apply.
And if you like this video, then you're
going to love this video up here where I
show you the top plan lessons that you
have to learn if you want to start your
own AI agency in 2026. With that being
said, I really hope you find value from
this video, and I'll see you in the next
one.